well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about biden
what he plans to do
because he is going on with the
transition as best he can
given the current circumstances
he already has some of his advisors you
know he has that kitchen cabinet
already meeting already giving him
advice and he's already making decisions
and he's pushing information back out to
the press
related to some of his decisions to
remind them
of what he's going to do now that the
campaign is over he's not really making
campaign promises he's announcing
plans
one of the things that his team pushed
back out to the press
is how he plans to revamp the refugee
program the u.s refugee program
if you don't know this is something i
care very deeply about
something i watch very closely the us
program is broke it is broken
it needs real change like deep changes
needs to be completely redone
it is way too hard to get in it is way
too hard to qualify
for refugee status and there's a cap
trump pushed that cap down to 15 000 per
year
that is ridiculously low it has been
much much much
higher than that in the past without
issue
and before we go any further just to cut
off some comments that i'm
sure might show up gaining
the refugee program to gain admittance
to the united states to be an
undocumented worker
isn't really a thing that's something
that president trump made up
to go through the refugee program you
have to have contact with law
enforcement
generally speaking if you're going to
try to exist in the shadows in the
united states
you don't want to provide fingerprints
and biometrics and all of that stuff
which is part of the refugee program
we are moving into a post-trump
facts matter era okay that's not
a thing he made that up
okay so the cap is currently at 15 000.
biden could have scored liberal brownie
points
by doubling that number that would have
been the story
biden doubles trump's cap on refugees
tripling it even
taking it to 45 000
rank and filed democrats would have
clapped they would have been okay with
it
more than likely they would have been
like yeah look he's doing something
about it
wouldn't have been okay with me because
i want real change
and that's not even a reform that's
really that good
okay the number that biden dropped was
000. it's pretty substantial
it's not the change i want i don't think
there should be a cap
but that's a reform i can get behind
odds are we won't reach that number more
than likely we will not reach that
number
but nobody's going to get turned away
because the cap's full
and the thing about the refugee program
is that if somebody gets turned away
because the cap's been met when they're
sent home
after walking up here they're gonna die
that's the purpose of the refugee
program it's why it's so hard to qualify
because you basically have to prove that
if they send you back
you're not going to be here anymore like
anywhere on the planet
so even if biden is a one-term president
four years every person that comes
in in excess of the 15 000 that trump
had
is a life saved
that's that could be 440 000 people
over the course of four years
it's not the change i want but
i'd be remiss to not accept a reform
that's going to save almost half a
million lives
so yeah i can get behind it i can defend
it even
not the change i want but a reform i'm
willing to accept
and i'm certain that there are people
out there right now
saying that uh our foreign policy
is behind a lot of these refugees and
that's true
it's a true statement fact
we need real change there
the reason i knew this was coming with
the refugee program mentioned it three
months ago
because of the people he brought on
board
i knew they were going to do something
of this scope now to be honest i didn't
think it'd be this big
just saying but i knew they were going
to do something big
if he listened to him he's apparently
listening to him
if he listens to the people that he
brought on
that advocate arms control the way he
listened to the people who advocated
this
you're going to have a different foreign
policy
because we're going to be selling less
weapons we're going to be distributing
less weapons that means there's less
people
walking away from stuff falling out of
the sky that says made in the usa
on it is it the change you want
probably not it probably won't go that
far
but it's a reform that might save lives
we have to see it we don't know haven't
seen any announcements on that one yet
when it comes to biden you have to
understand
you're only going to get reform
that's all you're going to get from
president biden it's all you're going to
get from any president
change comes from you reform comes from
the government
if you want change you have to create it
one of the things
that was incredibly hard for me to learn
over the course of my life
is that you can't let the good become
the enemy of the perfect
this isn't perfect but it's good
it's something i can accept and that's
one of the things
i've been asked a bunch when i'm going
to go after biden the way i do trump
it's probably going to happen i mean
realistically
at some point that's going to happen
biden's not even in office yet the first
real decision that has tangible numbers
behind it that i have seen that has come
from him
is something that could save almost half
a million lives
i will give him some breathing room to
see
what he's going to do probably give him
a couple of months after he takes office
what i can assure you i will not do is
criticize
a decent a good policy
simply to create false controversy to
get clicks on youtube
at the end of the day this move can save
almost half a million lives
i'm not going to criticize it
i think it's a good move it's it's a
good start
is it what i want no of course not
but it's way better than what we had
and it's something that we can build off
of
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day